Previously
You came all the way here. What do you expect?
What do I have to do to get a chance to get closer to Director Arthur?
I need to know who you are.
Study hard.
Don't break it.
I'm Two-o.
I’m wave
You probably won't last even a month.
Get lost. You worthless piece of shit.
If you want to have a future in this industry
You need to make good use of your mouth.
Listen,
I’ve already arranged sponsorships for you.
Is that not enough yet?
Hey!
I don't want any of that "paid but not getting laid" situation, you know?
Don't you worry, Sia.
I have some fresh new kids.
But he might be a little stubborn
So I trust you not to go too easy on him.
Stubborn? Good. Exactly, my type.
Bottoms up.
I like someone who's a bit stubborn.
If they are too nice,
What's fun about that?
Opening
Are you going to do it,
Or do you want me to feed you this bullet?
Hey!
Come on!
Sit down!
Come on.
Do it for me, will you?
So you don't have to get hurt.
Do it.
Fast!
Do it! Come on!
Everyone, there’s fire!
Get out! Leave!
- Hey! - Fire!
- Fire, sir. - Hey!
- Let's go. Let's go. - Hey! Wait a minute.
Hey, wait for me.
Is there really a fire?
Why don’t I see any smoke?
Uh, it might just be a false alarm from the system.
Are you going to keep standing there?
If you don't come here,
I'll send you back to those old bastards.
There’s a price that you have to pay for me helping you today.
I’m going to charge you fifty thousand.
Total debt now is
Three hundred and five baht.
What a freaking money hunger?
Excuse me?
Who are those people?
Did you read the last script I sent you?
I did.
What do you think?
I feel like the script is weird.
It seems like the writer just stuffed in random things.
It’s those people back there that cause the script to look like that.
The sponsors with huge money,
And pay no respect to the original script.
They just changed it however they want
And they don’t even have any knowledge on this at all.
And those who like to think that they are powerful,
And take advantage of their actors.
These rotten apples in the industry are whom I want to get rid of.
What did you just say?
The fire emergency just went off out of nowhere.
So everyone had to evacuate.
So they haven't done anything yet.
So he just got away?
I didn't see him anymore when I was out.
I don't know where the hell he was?
Why the fuck did the building have to burn down today?
If this plan doesn't work,
You have to find another way to do it.
But if you can't,
Then don't come to me for anything ever again.
People like him aren't supposed to be here.
Want to suck it?
What?
Since smoking is not allowed in this area,
Why don’t you come to suck mine instead?
It’s very sweet, you know?
Who would want to suck that?
Now that you've figured out who's behind all of this.
What are you gonna do about it?
Being lured to those old molesters like that.
Aren't you fuming?
Not rampaging.
Not screaming.
Not fuming.
Not crying.
Are you really
Don’t have any feeling left?
The person who was responsible for the deaths of their family members.
That person shouldn’t have the right to feel anything.
When you're with me, only focus on me.
I told you that..
What do you feel now?
And do not say it’s sweet.
How about this,
When you’re working or doing anything,
Always remember this sweetness.
I'll take you home.
In the meantime, I want you to really think about it.
That you still don't feel anything?
Is your house in there?
It's not my house.
I’m renting it.
I'll go now.
Wait.
I'll wait to see how you’re going to get them back.
Hello P’Kajorn, I haven't seen you for a while.
I thought that you had gone to work somewhere else.
I’m pretty much still around here.
Doing fine?
Of course, I am.
I’m just wondering how you are still working here but no one is really noticing you around here.
Ever since that Bank changed the manager from you to me,
I don’t really see your kids in any project at all.
If there’s nothing else, please excuse me.
I'm just worried, that’s all.
Because the other day, I just talked to Khun Kongkiat.
There are plans to restructure the organization.
They’re going to make some cuts and let go of someone who has no use for the company.
I’m just scared that if you still can’t get your kid into any project,
There might be no place here for you anymore.
Once I saw the picture that the team sent me,
I like him immediately.
Because he looks sexy,
Dark, and mysterious, and also lonely.
A perfect match with my new product.
This is a perfume called Midnight Sky. The nocturnal scent of midnight.
How was it?
It’s very fragrant.
Thank you, Katie, for giving my new kid a chance.
It doesn't matter at all.
I don’t care if he’s a rookie or an experienced kid,
If he’s a match then he’s a match.
Okay, then let's talk about
I will make an appointment we’ll talk at my office later.
And then we'll talk about the contract that day.
Sure. Then can I
I can't wait to see you and see him as well
Very welcome. Thank you.
I did it finally!
When you’re working or doing anything,
Always remember this sweetness.
Dummy: What is the tallest building in the world?
Oh hi, Sun.
Sun
I'll get to audition in stage play.
It's one of Dream's biggest projects.
And if I get through with the audition,
It will be my first ever as a lead actor.
I hope that you will get the role.
Are you okay?
It’s nothing.
I'm just a little worried.
What are you worrying about?
Don't worry about anything.
There’s no camera involved in this project.
Are you for sure?
I am. Don't you trust me?
No, really, I really do check it.
Really?
Really.
No need to worry, alright?
Go on and keep on shining!
T-Megha
I have good news for you.
You've been cast in your first-ever advertisement.
Me?
That’s right, you are.
The client chose you from the pictures that you took with Phakin.
Plus, I have the amazing ability to sell my own work.
All we have to do now is sign the contract, then it's a done deal.
Are you being serious?
I am.
Sun! I’m so happy for you. You’re getting to film an advertisement.
How nice! You’re still new and you’re getting booked already.
I'm thrilled!
Are you two ready?
My super raising stars!
Super raising stars? It sounds like a bumper sticker or some sort.
Can you come up with something cooler?
How about you come up with one then?
How about team
No.
I hope you don’t chicken out on acting class next week.
I’ve prepared something that you might like.
Hey, are you listening?
If you chicken out then you’re coward rat.
Um, actually, there are many methods you can use.
Okay, looks like everybody’s here.
Let’s get started now.
Hi.
Let's talk about
I don't know if it's because I've been back into classroom setting after so many years.
So time seems to fly so quickly.
The character
I discussed with your classmates that
Concentrate.
Suddenly,
The acting classes that this freak face has been waiting for are finally here.
Are you really going to do this?
Last time you already beat the shit out of him.
Of course, I am.
He still has full set of teeth,
And this time I’m determined to take some out.
Guys, today we’re only going to do a light practice today.
That’s not happening. Since we’re here for a practice, why don’t we go for a realistic one?
We better use the rules like the actual ring?
Uh, I mean
Is everyone okay with that?
We are.
What about you, Sun?
I just learned boxing last week.
I might get hurt if we’re going for the real thing.
Oh!
What a coward!
You’re freaking out that I might beat you to death like the last time?
The contract that I have signed might be in trouble.
If my face is scarred and unable to renew the contract.
Are you going to take responsibility for that?
Is that what you’re worrying about?
How about this, I’ll tell my dad to discuss with the company.
To guarantee that if your face is beaten up,
You will not be fired for this.
But don't you dare sue me that I was the one who beat you up.
Okay?
Can you assure me of that, teacher?
No matter what happens in today's class,
There will be no punishment from the company.
There will be no prosecution.
Or any legal action taken at all.
Teacher, can you tell them?
Yeah, alright then.
Say the conditions again.
You’re such an annoying rat.
Whatever happens in this class there will be no punishment from the company.
And there will be no prosecution.
Are you satisfied yet?
Teacher,
May I choose the first opponent?
What the hell are you doing? Huh?
You’ve been waiting for a week now,
Can't you wait a little longer?
You’re going first.
I’ll let you get the first crack at him.
But don't kill him just yet.
That part is my job to do.
Damn Sun!
I asked you to be a rehearsal partner. Not a sandbag.
Get up fast. Make it worth the money I paid you.
Get up!
Get up! I said get up!
Make it worth the amount of money I paid you! You bastard!
Get up!
Are you doing Thai dance or something?
Enough! Enough of that.
It’s you, go!
Go get him!
Didn’t you tell me that you’ve never been boxing trained?
I’ve never been trained.
Although it’s not my first time on the ring.
Don’t you dare run away.
I’ll keep you for the last one.
What do you mean?
You’ve never been trained for but how come you were in the ring?
I used to be a boxing partner for a boxer.
For how long?
Five years.
Hook, like this.
Are you going to kill him for real?
My father will hear about this.
Don't forget your own words.
I have a video of you saying that no matter what happens in today's class,
There will be no legal action taken or prosecution.
But are you beating him too hard?
He still looks fine to me.
If you think about it, you can use this opportunity to get procedures done on your face.
Teacher, take me down.
Get me down.
Are you alright?
It’s your turn now. Come up here.
Hello, Dad, contact the surgical hospital immediately.
I know you don’t want me to do it but I don’t have any other choice now.
You shouldn’t mess with me, you know?
I think you already figured whom I work for.
What are you talking about? Practice with me, will ya?
Wait! I give up. I’m giving up now.
The whole thing, I was the one who did it.
I broke your camera,
Spread rumours about you talking shits about Ten.
I did everything.
Sunny, he told me to get rid of you.
If you don't let me go now,
He’s going to really kill you.
So can you please deliver my message to him?
That he shouldn’t think that he’s the only big shot around here.
Because I also have a very powerful backer just like him.
Everyone, what I have here with me is Alpan soft drink.
It's very good and also low in calories.
I really enjoy drinking this.
Everyone will enjoy this, since it is easy to drink, delicious, and again low in calories.
The new package is coming out vey soon so please keep your eyes on that.
You guys, I have to go now. I’m going to end my livestream here.
See you later.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
What happened to you?
That new freaking kid of P’Kajorn.
He’s so cocky.
He went around and beat up everybody in the class.
Then how can you let yourself get punched?
I don’t know if he made his weird conditions or something.
I couldn’t escape, I couldn’t deny it as well.
He’s too slick.
Oh, right.
He asked me to deliver you a message.
For me?
Yeah, bro.
He said that you’re not the only big shot around here.
And he also has a very powerful backer as well.
A powerful one?
I want to know this new kid who just joined Dream’s.
Do you know who he is?
You dad came.
Teacher, I’m really sorry for being late.
It’s fine.
How are you, darling? What did you do at school today?
Today, my teacher taught me traditional Thai dance.
Yes, today the school has a traditional Thai dance class. And she was great at it.
Let me show you.
How is it? Is it beautiful?
Absolutely, it is.
Will you show me more moves at home?
Okay.
Give Me Five!
Then I’ll excuse myself first.
Yes.
- Goodbye, teacher. - Goodbye.
See you tomorrow
See you tomorrow.
Bye bye
Hello, Katie.
Do you have the date that we can go and discuss the contract information with you?
The customer has canceled your advertisement.
It looks like the customer has changed to sign with Jay Air’s kid instead.
I'm really sorry.
It’s really alright.
I think there is someone had convinced Mr.Kongkiat.
Otherwise, customers don't change their minds so suddenly.
I won't let this happen again next time.
I promise.
I’ll hang up now.
I can do this.
I definitely can do this.
Number fourteen, please.
I’m coming.
Hello.
You beat the shit out of Ten,
To the point that he has to go and get plastic surgery.
Although I was the cause of everything,
You could go harder on me.
But you didn't.
I want to thank you.
As for what you asked me to tell Sunny.
I already did it.
I'm just gonna say it that
Sunny isn’t just targeting you alone
You can start when you’re ready.
I've been fighting all my life.
To be able to stand here.
The position that I want.
Now it's just around the corner.
But don't know why?
Those voices.
The voices that say that I'm not worthy.
It gets louder.
That’s right.
If for greatness, I must scarifice blood.
Then let me be the monster.
I swore that I wouldn't become one.
May I?
Is there a tape recording today?
Uh
Co-investors in this project, he just wanted to come but couldn't.
So I was asked to record all of this.
Oh, oh, okay.
Come on in.
Wait a minute, alright?
Are you done?
Yes.
Can you please start from the top again?
Just like what you did. You were doing so good.
Sky?
You can start now.
I've been fighting all my life.
To to be able to stand here.
To stand here.
The position I want to be.
Now it's just around the corner.
But don't know why?
Those sounds are getting louder.
I didn't understand why I was so shocked.
Sky and I are not even that close.
What happened?
Sky is just a guy who tags along with the manager.
I feel like It stirs something inside me.
It's over.
I ruined it all.
They said that there will be no cameras.
P’Kajorn told me that there will be no cameras.
When I see him being like this.
I feel like I've been punched back by Bank right in the face.
I think I'm good.
I thought revenge wasn't that hard.
But in reality,
I still can’t do anything.
The more that I do,
It affects all the people around me.
I have to leave my dignity behind.
Throw away all the pride that I ever had.
I need to see Director Arthur as soon as possible.
What if I'm that Director Arthur?
No, your name is Jay.
And you hate your own nickname.
Is this the secret Sia Jo told you?
Really terrible, old man.
If you see Director Arthur,
What are you paying him for?
My body.
You’re really
Like to get around, do you?
Keep offering your body to people.
And you don’t even remember who you slept with.
You seem so obsessed with that.
Take this card to the December Hotel tomorrow.
You'll meet Director Arthur there.
Give it to me!
Hey.
I'm the only one who can get you to see Director Arthur.
Seduce me first.
This color fits you very well.
Thank you.
If you ever want to use these clothes again, you can come back and borrow them anytime.
Hello, sir.
Hello.
These two are with me.
Yes, please.
Can I have your card?
This way, please.
Yes, sir.
I believe that next year will definitely get more.
Ah, hello.
Are you doing well today?
That’s right.
All right, guys.
In the next moment,
Please give a round of applause to the host of the night.
Songphol Pianpiwatwong, President of SPG Public Company.
Please give him a warm round of applause.
May I, may I. Sorry.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Hello, all of you. Hello. Hello again.
All of you here have significant roles in the Thai entertainment industry.
And I, as a company, am willing to support
And promote our content media business globally.
So I really hope that
Our SPG award tonight will at least help encourage and motivate
All the people who work in the industry.
I really do hope this helps motivate you.
Anyone committed to the work will also receive this award.
For example, Mr. Sunny.
Show yourself.
Thank you.
This shows that anyone who is dedicated to work
Will be rewarded in return.
Now I have nothing much to say.
From this is the Afterparty. Let's all have fun.
Have fun, everyone.
Excuse me,
Could you please, get the champagne for the director Arthur.
Thank you.
The customer is in room 109.
Excuse me?
Is this for Arthur, right?
Yes, sir.
I'll handle it myself.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
This is not a room that anyone can enter.
Get the hell out of here.
Can you hear me?
What a coincidence!
You kept me waiting for too long.
Mr. Two baht
Why are you here?
I think we are done talking.
Director Arthur will contact back to you soon.
About when the interview with your granddaughter at Dream’s will be arranged.
Now you may leave, sir.
Actually, my granddaughter is free tonight.
She can stay here with you all night long.
Take care of him to the best of your ability, alright?
I will.
Excuse me.
Yes.
I'll take care of the drinks.
Why are you in Director Arthur's room?
Won't you thank me first?
What for?
I just saved you.
Or your secret might already be outed.
If you don't want to say thank you.
You can use your body to thank me.
I don’t mind that at all.
Here's the drink.
Alright,
If you really don’t mind.
Um, you two look very close.
Actually, my uncle wants me to stay here
And use my body as a way of showing gratitude to you guys.
I have to do it to the best of my ability.
Do you prefer my mouth?
Or using my hands is totally up to you.
Your hands
Are only good at doing useless things like this.
What about the brain?
You only have it to balance your head?
That’s why you can’t read the situation.
Or do you want a threesome?
I'm also not against that idea.
A threesome?
Get the hell out of here.
Go.
You really know how to make me like you.
Let's talk about us.
So director Arthur's not here?
Then I'm excused.
Sorry, I forgot the phone.
Sunny might be waiting for you outside.
I'm trying to get you on a project right now.
But the only job that has been getting back to me is to put you in mascot costumes.
Which I think it will portray your visual and your talent.
So I refused all of it.
I can do it.
Are you sure?
I can do everything.
Please accept that offer.
I can do it.
Okay, ่ust making do for now.
Have you talked to Sky?
I just called him.
He said he couldn’t do it and wanted to quit the industry.
But come on.
Give him some time.
Once he feels better, he will come back eventually.
It's over.
I ruined it all.
Sun!
ErSun.
I mean, I want to apologize to you about that night.
You’re faking.
Do you know what they're gossiping right now?
About what?
It's about Director Arthur now backing a new kid.
People are looking for who he is.
Do you know anything?
I don’t.
Wave said that Sunny ran into that kid with Director Arthur.
He has quite a strange name.
Two baht, maybe?
You kept me waiting for a while,
Mr. Two baht.
Are you okay?
Next Episode
Do you believe in karma?
I'll never forget that voice that I heard once.
You must be having fun, right?
Well, it's not boring.
Is this something that deeply affected you? Did you experience being secretly filmed?
If you don't know then don't say it.
How could you make my Jay trust you so much?
You still don't know who was the founder of Dream’s right?